all everybody today show you some out of
swatch limited-edition this model come
with different case but sometimes you
can give case like that Argentina Chile
Peru this limited edition only 510
peaceful white this personal number
watch and you see this is wrote the car
now police the car not in Africa because
some two dangers for this around a right
now in Senegal and around so this is
limited edition edicts that car
O'Reilly the car and a retail price for
this model 2150 online store price
around 700 sometimes 600 dollars only
it's a huge discount for the cool lookin
watch
this is manse your Mouse watch and it's
a quartz movement stainless steel case
sighs it's 42 millimeters without ground
and sometimes addicts have a big crown
like I know five six seven maybe
millimeters extra okay without crown 42
millimeters and thickness 12 millimeters
water resistance hundred meters is a 330
feet cases tens steel case with sunny
steel bracelet fold-over clasp with
push-button okay you can see this 500
and it's covered personal number for
this watch okay
Argentina Chile flux okay and in deal
you can see it's a carbon fiber and my
pencil deal logo and just a pure crystal
right here and what else
it's how you watch I like this and solid
black with and reading some some like
helmet you can see right
okay check this watching dark one two
three okay I see everything what I wanna
see here and if you like erasing this a
good choice for you and it's limited
edition and that guessing maybe next
year's price for this watch B go up
because in be sold or sold out
everywhere I hope so
so thank you for watching and please
subscribe for channel and see you next
time bye bye